The core of this package is written in basic.py, the classes and functions of which are all imported in __init__.py. It provides a basic class Anim, which is widely inherited in this project. An Anim object has an attribute ax and a method draw, which you must also have in the classes you define without inheriting Anim that are to be visualized by this package. The draw method receives the frame count and returns an plt.plot object, drawn on self.ax (return self.ax.pot(...)). So the relationship between the image and frame count must be clarified in this method.

The basic geometry objects are also encapsulated in basic.py, which calls the functions intended to accelerate calculation in geo_drive.dll (a geometry driver written in C language, compiled to a dynamic link library) . Based on the functions in this driver, functions such as cir (short for circle), ell (short for ellipse),  para (short for parabola) and hyper (short for hyperbola) are provided, which receives necessary parameters and return 2 lists, the first of which contains the x-coordinates of the dots while the second contains the y-coordinates. Based on these functions, basic geometry classes are defined. They receive necessary features of the curve, be it constants or callables. Specially, if you input callables, ensure that they receive frame count and return the value of the certain feature.

If you want to define other classes of curves, such as function image, you may as well inherit the Anim class, or define a completely new class with the attribute ax and the method draw yourself.

Geometry transformations are written in transformation.py, which can move the image or conduct linear transformations based on numpy.array to accelerate calculation. Reflection and rotation are the 2 special linear transformation provided as a function here.

The function show_anim is written in __init__.py, which receives a list of objects having attribute and method draw. They'll be visualized here. If you want to make certain parameters change from one value to another, but want to save the trouble of clarifying the specific process yourself, you may turn to the funtion ran, which is written in __init__.py, receiving the start and the end, generating a function describing the specific changing process. The default num is 100, meaning that the process will finish in about 100 frames. You can adjust this to meet your needs.
